docs: add documentation for django-secret-key-id (#2708)
canonical/charmcraft: docs/reference/extensions/django-framework-extension.rst

the environment variable name will have the hyphens replaced by
underscores and all the letters capitalised.

The config option ``django-secret-key-id`` is automatically added by the
``django-framework`` extension. The secret must contain a single key ``value``,
which holds the actual Django secret key and is exposed as the

> ``DJANGO_SECRET_KEY`` environment variable. If this config option is not set,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration option ``django-secret-key-id`` is automatically added by the
``django-framework`` extension. The secret must contain a single key ``value``,
which holds the actual Django secret key and is exposed as the
``DJANGO_SECRET_KEY`` environment variable. If this configuration option is not set,
```
Nit: For consistency, I think we should explicitly spell out "configuration"

I know that this section already uses the term "config option", but nearly every other mention in the docs uses the full spelling.
